# 0.6.0 - A Normal World

> Alice's cries for help echoed in Kurokawa's ears, but he pretended not to hear, stepping into the elevator like a numb statue. The elevator descended slowly, floors passing one by one, and Alice's voice was gradually drowned out by the melody playing inside the elevator, like raindrops merging into the ocean, creating faint ripples at first, but ultimately falling silent. "Welcome back to the real world," Kurokawa said to himself, his voice trembling slightly, "a world where superpowers only exist in fantasy novels."

## Electron

Now, Milkio can be used to create desktop applications and can be packaged into applications for macOS, Windows, and Linux platforms.

This has been achieved using Electron, and the communication between the main process and the rendering process in Electron can be quite troublesome. By introducing Milkio, this issue has been effectively resolved.

For front-end developers, we assume that you have installed [Astro](https://astro.build/), which supports mainstream front-end frameworks (such as Vue3, React, Svelte, etc.), and defaults to SSG, which can make your application run faster.

You can experience this by running `bun create milkio` and choosing the `electron (alpha)` template.

However, please note that this is still in the alpha stage, and there may be many issues. Future updates may also include incompatible changes.

## Node

For users concerned about the stability of Bun, you can now use Node.js to create Milkio applications.

Whether you are developing locally or running tests, it is all done using Node.js. However, during development, you still need Bun because Milkio relies on Bun to perform automatic generation and many auxiliary operations.

You can experience this by running `bun create milkio` and choosing the `node (beta)` template.

## VS Code Template

The compatibility issue on Windows has been fixed, and now it works properly on Windows as well.

## Client

The issue where the client type did not automatically update on Windows has been resolved, and now it works properly on Windows as well.

## Performance Improvements

Now, the startup speed of Milkio on Windows has become very fast.

## Upgrade

```
bun i milkio@0.6.0
```