# 0.7.0 - A Promise Kept

> Kurokawa hated himself, hated the cowardly version of himself that acted out of fear.
> Alice treated herself as the only one, it was him who showed her this colorful world, only to abandon her a few days later.
> Whenever Kurokawa closed his eyes, the image of Alice leaning on his arm would appear in his mind, laughing so happily, with traces of ice cream still on the corners of her mouth.
> Finally, trembling, Kurokawa pressed the elevator button leading to the top floor.
> "No matter what... I won't abandon you..." Kurokawa took a deep breath, and as the elevator doors slowly opened, his eyes gradually hardened like steel.

## Feature: Milkio Steps

In Milkio, a new mental model for writing APIs has been introduced: Steps. It allows you to break down long API code into several small steps, which can enhance the readability of complex API code.

```ts
async action(
	params: {
		by: string & typia.tags.MinLength<2> & typia.tags.MaxLength<16>;
	},
	context,
) {
	const result = await context
		/**
		 * Step 1
		 */
		.step(async (stages) => {
			const message1 = `Step 1`;

			return { message1 };
		})
		/**
		 * Step 2
		 */
		.step(async (stage) => {
			const $message2 = `Step 2`;

			return { $message2 };
		})
		/**
		 * Step 3
		 */
		.step(async (stage) => {
			if (!stage.message1) throw reject("INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR", undefined);
			if (!stage.$message2) throw reject("INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR", undefined);
			return {};
		})
		.run();

	return result;
}
```

Each `step` is a function that returns an object, which will be merged into the next `stage`.

If an attribute in the object starts with `$`, Milkio treats it as a private property. Although it is always accessible in `stage`, it will be removed in `result`.

To avoid modifying attributes in `stage`, making it difficult to know when certain values are changed, the properties are designed to be immutable.

## VS Code: Milkio Structure

> Note: Ensure your Milkio VS Code Extension is up to date

Now, the bottom of your VS Code Explorer will display the structure of your Milkio API. You can use it to navigate through longer API codes.

```ts
⬇️ Meta
⬇️ Action
    step: Step 1
	step: Step 2
	step: Step 3
⬇️ Tests
    test: Basic
```

## VS Code: Simultaneously Launch Frontend Projects

> Note: Ensure your Milkio VS Code Extension is up to date

Milkio now supports associating with your frontend projects and synchronously launching them when starting Milkio. Configure it in `milkio.toml` as shown below.

```toml
[link]
projects = [
  { name = 'YourViteProject', cwd = '../your-project-path', script = 'bun run dev' },
]
```

## VS Code: Workspace Optimization

> Note: Ensure your Milkio VS Code Extension is up to date

Previously, when using a workspace, the Milkio menu bar would only appear if the files open on the screen were part of a Milkio project.

Now, if there is only one Milkio project in the workspace, the Milkio menu bar will always appear, assuming that you want to operate on that specific Milkio project.

## Configuration: Automatic Environment-Based Switching

Now, the configuration supports automatically reading different configurations based on different environments.

https://milkio.fun/essentials/config

## Testing: Support for Testing with Real Requests

Testing now includes a `client` object that allows you to use a real client package to send actual requests.

https://milkio.fun/essentials/api-test

## Templates: Cloudflare Workers Support

Milkio now supports Cloudflare Workers. You can create a Cloudflare Workers project by selecting the `cloudflare` option when running `bun create milkio`.

## Documentation: Runtime Documentation Improvements

I have written documentation for each runtime, detailing important points and deployment procedures.

Bun: https://milkio.fun/runtime/bun/
Node.js: https://milkio.fun/runtime/node/
Cloudflare: https://milkio.fun/runtime/cloudflare/
Electron: https://milkio.fun/runtime/electron/

## Upgrading

When using the new version, make sure to also upgrade your client package version.

```
bun i milkio@0.8.0
cd packages/client && bun i milkio-client
```